Update platform-limits.md (#253)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/platform-limits.md

### Power Automate

> When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, each user is limited to **400 executions of the Run Script action per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.

Reviewer: Thanks for this clarification. We do need avoid using "executions", as that does not translate well. I think your additional text clarifies "calls" appropriately. What do you think about this suggestion?
```suggestion
When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, each user is limited to **400 calls to the Run Script action per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.
```

Author: Yes, that sounds good!
